Established in 2003, Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology is one of the leading engineering colleges in Hyderabad and the only Muslim Minority Engineering Institution in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh with UGC Autonomous Status with NBA accredited (three times), received NAAC ‘A’ Grade twice, and holds UGC 12(f) recognition.

Starting with just 180 students, Lords now has 4,500+ students from 20+ Indian states and 15+ nationalities across Africa and Asia, enrolled in B.E, M.E and MBA programs. With over 12,000 graduates, it has the highest intake among Muslim Minority Engineering Institutions in Hyderabad. With over 10,000 alumni globally, it is the only Muslim Minority Institution in Telangana approved to admit Foreign (PIO) and NRI students, adhering to government admission guidelines.

 The institution’s excellence has been recognized by several agencies: 
Ranked 89th in South India, 22nd in Telangana and 21st in Hyderabad by The Week Magazine (2024)
Featured by Outlook, Dataquest, Lokmat, Competition Success Review
ISO 9001:2015 certified by QMS
Ranked in 101–150 band in NIRF Innovation 2023
3.5-Star Rating by Innovation Cell, MoE, GoI
ARI-C-19616 under ARIIA
Civil Labs accredited by NABL
GHMC consultancy partner
SWAYAM-NPTEL Local Chapter
UBA participant with 5 adopted villages
MSME-recognized Host Institution for Technology Business Incubator
MoUs with IDP Education (Australia) & Lincoln University College (Malaysia)
NDLI Club registered under the National Digital Library of India
All of this has been made possible through the visionary leadership of Chairman Janab Basha Mohiuddin, a Chartered Accountant and Advocate with interests in construction, consulting, and retail—ably supported by the Vice Chairman (BITS Pilani & ISB alumnus), the Secretary(A renowned philanthropist), and Joint Secretary (Chartered Accountant).
The Chairman, Mr. Basha Mohiuddin is a Chartered Accountant and a Law graduate by educational qualification. He has a well-established Chartered Accountancy firm that has been successfully serving its clients for over thirty-five years in the city of Hyderabad. Apart from the Education and Finance sectors, he also has interests in Construction, Consulting and Trading sectors. He is the Director of a number of Private and Public limited Companies. He is a Trustee and Honorary Member of a number of Charitable and Religious trusts, Chairman of BMR Projects Limited & Coherent Infrastructure Solutions Pvt Ltd, Managing Director of Elite Estate Pvt Ltd & TMR Consultancy Pvt Ltd

BASHA MOHIUDDIN, the founder and chairman in his words

Lords is leveraging its expertise and capability to nurture the Institute as one of the best in the region. The whole idea is to facilitate learning through initiating, exploring and experimenting in a conducive environment. Lords was founded with a mission to promote excellence in the field of technical education and to provide quality training. Our campus is a rare blend of serene environment, well equipped infrastructure and a faculty enriched with technical knowledge. We Strive to give professional education a new perspective and Achieve perfection in all spheres. This gratifying ambience will nurture our students to be passionate about learning and to explore new realms of wisdom.

My solemn hope and earnest wish is that our diligent students bring honour and glory to our Institution and be worthy citizens of our country. Let your days at LORDS be highly rewarding!

E-Mail: chairman@lords.ac.in
Mr. Syed Touseef Ahmed is the Vice-Chairman of the Lords Institute of Engineering and Technology

An alumnus of the prestigious BITS Pilani and an MBA from Indian School of Business Hyderabad, this young technocrat brings the much-needed fresh ideas and progressive thinking to Education at Lords. He insists on quality education and oversees the implementation of best teaching and learning practices in the college. He believes quality is the epitome around which the Institution revolves. He strives towards empowering students to take charge and execute things on their own, thereby enabling them to learn important life skills. He focuses on grooming students to be technocrats with humility, exemplary dignity and modern outlook. He strives towards taking Lords to its Zenith by constantly upgrading and bench-marking the Institution as per Global standards.

In his own words…

We are strongly committed to propel every student of our Institution to solve real world challenges. We aim to groom professionals to effectively manage unanticipated challenges and motivate them to excel. The Institute facilitates students with not only good campus and state of the art infrastructure facilities but also aims to groom their competencies that will make them leaders and trendsetters in their respective fields. We believe in exposing our students to all possible avenues of honing their skill sets be it Entrepreneurship, Research, Academics, Placements, Social and Professional Clubs, Higher Studies etc.

I invite you to experience our unparalleled offering to create the leaders and innovators of tomorrow.

E-Mail: vc@lords.ac.in
Mrs. Rizwana Begum, Secretary – Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology

Known for her philanthropic activities, the Secretary is actively involved in the Management of all the Educational Institutions run by the group. She hails from a family known for their business skills and brings to the table this rich experience. She is also a Director of Elite Estates Pvt Ltd, TMR Consultancy Pvt Ltd, BMR Projects Ltd that have interests in Construction Sector.

In her own words…

We, at Lords, focus on providing great academic ambience and learning environment for its students and faculty.

Lords believes in creating and disseminating knowledge & skill in core areas through innovative Educational programs and developing a new cadre of Global professionals. Various programs such as Orientation day, Parents Meeting, Cultural Activities, Sports Activities, Technical Events, Faculty Development Programs, Intercollege competitions, Guest lectures, Model Exhibitions etc. are conducted round the year to groom our students.

I invite you to be a part of this roller coaster ride and see yourself transformed personally and professionally at the end of your course.

E-Mail: secretary@lords.ac.in
Mr. CA Syed Tanvir Ahmed is the Joint Secretary of the Lords Institute of Engineering and Technology

Mr. Syed Tanvir Ahmed, the joint secretary is a chartered accountant by qualification. In his words, the pace of technological advancement in our day is more than we could have ever anticipated. The fact that LORDS Institute of Engineering and Technology (Autonomous) has consistently advanced in the area of engineering education year after year is a source of great pride. Our mission is to provide high-quality education that will help students develop holistically on both a scientific and technological level, paving the way for a successful profession. Our students consistently achieve the university rankings, which is a testament to the extraordinary efforts made by our faculty to educate and develop the next generation leaders. Our Institute promotes the culture of entrepreneurship and startups among faculty and students. Student level entrepreneurial activities on campus have assumed greater significance with active stakeholder participation. The infrastructure, academic atmosphere, professional teaching skills, and learning process will all be preserved with your active participation, and this Institute will continue to advance in the years to come, I assure all the students and well-wishers on behalf of the entire management.

E-Mail: jointsecretary@lords.ac.in
At Lords Institute of Engineering and Technology (Autonomous), academic excellence remains a top priority. The institution is committed to providing the highest quality of education, continuously striving to enhance the learning experience for its students. These consistent efforts have been recognized by the University, Government bodies, and industry leaders, reaffirming Lords’ position as one of the leading engineering colleges in Hyderabad and Telangana.

Some of the many acknowledgements and key differentiating factors of the Institution include:

 Autonomous Status


Conferred Autonomous Status for 10 years by UGC from 2021-2022 to 2030-2031
Course syllabus and exam structure designed for improving placements and results of students
Degree awarded by Osmania University
 Student Body


Lords currently offers 9 Undergraduate and  4 Post Graduate programs in the fields of Engineering and Management
More than 4500+ students currently pursuing various programs in Engineering & Management
Students from Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, J&K, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Jharkhand, Assam, Orissa, Gujarat, Maharashtra etc.
International students from Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Somalia, Syria, Nepal, Dubai, Kenya, UK etc.
Alumni body consists of 12000+ Graduates and 1200 Post Graduates
 Accreditations


Awarded ‘A’ grade by NAAC once again in 2021 for 5 years (until 2026)
B.E, Information Technology program is accredited by NBA for 3 years from 2024-25 to 2026-27
Accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA) in December 2023, March 2020 for B.E. CSE, B.E. ECE & B.E Mechanical Engineering Courses
B.E, Civil Engineering program is previously accredited by NBA for 3 years from 2023-24 to 2025-26 and also by NAAC with A Grade
Accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA) in January 2018, for BTech CSE, B.Tech ECE, B.Tech EEE, B.Tech Mechanical Courses
The accreditation status signifies the global standards maintained by the institution as per Washington Accord, USA and other countries.
Only Muslim Minority Engineering College in Telangana & Andhra Pradesh with these accreditations
Countries such as Kuwait, UAE and Qatar insisting on Engineers to be from NBA accredited colleges for Job/Residency Visa
Rankings by various agencies


Ranked in 101-150 band in NIRF Innovation Rankings 2023 released by Ministry of Education, Govt. of India Read More
Ranked 89th in South India, 22nd in Telangana and 21st in Hyderabad by The Week Magazine (2024)
Ranked among Top 25 Private Engineering Colleges in Telangana by Times of India in August 2024, July 2023, July 2022, July 2021, August 2020, May 2019, May 2018, May 2017.
Dataquest ranked the Institution 69th in the Top T Schools in the Country based on DQ CMR survey, published in April 2019
Lokmat (one of the leading newspapers in India) awarded us “One of The Best Engineering Institutes In South India” in July, 2015
Dataquest awarded us “Best Infrastructure in South India” in September, 2015; ranked 94th in top 100 Engineering Institutions
Competition Success Review ranked us no. 2 in the list of top promising engineering institutions
 World Class Infrastructure


12 Acre Green Campus with World-class Infrastructure with Smart Classrooms, highly equipped Laboratories, Studio, Digital Library, Seminar Halls, Cafeteria, Playground, Dispensary, Prayer Room etc.
 Inspiring Faculties


More than 293+ faculty across various fields of Engineering, Management & Science
42+ PhD qualified staff across all departments
54+ staff currently pursuing PhD from reputed Universities of Malaysia, Japan, Saudi Arabia, UK, IITs, NITs, BITS Pilani, etc.
Mandatory for all the staff to undergo SWAYAM NPTEL Exams, ICT and Faculty Development Programs, every sem
Research Facilities used by Scholars from NIT Warangal, JNTUH, Andhra University, GITAM University, JNTUK etc.
One of the few Institutions with a dedicated mentor-mentee model wherein, one mentor is allotted for every batch of 20 students, in order to track their performance
 Placements


Best placements among Muslim Minority Engineering Institutions; Companies including Tech Mahindra, Cognizant, Infosys, Accenture, Wipro, TCS, Amazon, Byju’s, Genpact, Mindtree, Capgemini, HCL, Hexaware, BOSCH etc recruited our students.
In the 2024–25 placement season, 62 companies conducted campus interviews, resulting in the recruitment of 360+ students across various domains.
The highest package offered to a student in 2024–25 is ₹10 LPA, while the second-highest package stands at ₹8 LPA, reflecting the strong placement outcomes at the institution.
Average package is ₹4.5 LPA
 Technology Business Incubator


Institution’s Innovation Council at Lords achieved 3.5 star rating by Ministry of Education, Government of India in 2023-24 – View
Recognized as the host institution for business incubation by MSME with a seed grant of Rs. 15 lakhs and a scale-up fund of Rs 1 crore for deserving start-ups.
Received an award from US India SME Council, INC. Washington D.C. on October 30th 2023 for fostering the spirit of entrepreneurship on its campus.- Photo-1 | Photo-2
Our students have raised Angel Investment Funds upto 50 Lakhs for their start-ups
Lords TBI currently incubates 30 student-led startups, fostering innovation and entrepreneurial growth on campus.
Established Institution’s Innovation Council and achieved 3 star rating by Ministry of Education, GoI – View
 Higher Education Support


Congratulation to Dr.Sumeet Hangargi on being honored for “The Global Education Champions Award 2024-25” for his exceptional dedication and positive influence in shaping young Indian professionals for the global economy through international study opportunities
Established a Global Education Cell with Collegiate Education & Technological Education Department(GCELL), Telangana and providing IELTS Free Training on Campus (30 Students)
Global Education and Career Forum, Telangana, has Awarded a Certificate of Recognition for establishing the “Global Education Cell” at the College Campus in Presence of Navin Mittal, IAS – View
Students get special counseling, mentoring and guidance for higher education support and opportunities;
Tie-ups with Foreign Universities for Masters/MS programs
 Research & Development


Received funds Rs.1,50,000 for AICTE-ATAL FDP titled” sustainability innovation trends in civil engineering” for One-Week from 10th-15th March 2025.
Secured a ₹3,50,000 AICTE-ATAL grant to host a One-Week FDP on “Sustainable Additive Manufacturing in Medical Applications: UN SDG Perspectives” in Mechanical Engineering from 15th–20th June 2025.
Received funds Rs.3,00,000 for AICTE-ATAL FDP titled ” Recent Trends in Signal and Image Processing with hands-on training using MATLAB” for Two-Week from 19th-30th September 2022.
Received funding from AICTE under AQIS scheme Rs.11.5 lakhs under MODROB, Rs. 5.46 lakhs for FDP and Rs. 93,000 from ATAL
6 Sponsored Research Projects completed and 2 On-going Projects from various Government and Private Agencies.
142 patents have been published and 07 Indian Patents are granted in five academic year
462 research papers published in last five Academic Year
103 Books were authored in last five Academic Year
157 conference publications in last five Academic Year
Institution Infrastructure used for conducting National & State Level competitive examinations including NEET, EAMCET, ECET, Police recruitment etc.  Over INR 35,00,000/- raised in the form of consultancy for testing facility
 Consultancy Works


Institute has bagged Third-Party Quality Control contract for the fourth consecutive year from GHMC with a total project worth of Rs. 200+ crores
6 Consultancy Projects are completed and 4 are On-going associated with Aurobindo Pharma, Rise Pharma, Exclusive Magnesium, BMR Projects, Virchow Laboratories, Vasant Chemicals, Dr. Reddy’s Lab
Accreditation from National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) for industrial consultancy (very few educational institutions have NABL accreditation)
 Students on campus


200+ research papers published by students in three Academic Years
Developed Unique projects like Dosa Making Machine, Super Heater Failure Control System, Low Cost 3D FDM Printer, Remotely Operable Multifunction Agriculture, Drone Sanitizer, Mist Sanitizer, Sensor Based Sanitizer and Oxygen Concentrator.
MD Owais Quadri from ECE won a seedgrant of Rs.15000/- in Agri Aavishkar Competition held at Atal Community Innovation Centre – CBIT on 4th July,2022
3rd Prize Rural Innovators Start Up Conclave organized by NIRD in Drinking Water and Sanitation Category – Sept. 2019
2nd Prize Rural Innovators Start Up Conclave organized by NIRD in Sustainable Housing Category – Sept. 2019
Student team selected to represent Telangana at National Level Quad Bike Challenge in Hyderabad – March 2019
Student team selected to represent Telangana at National Level Electrical Kart Championship in Bhopal – April 2019
A team of students won INR 50,000/- cash prize and at Rural Innovators Start-up Conclave conducted by NIRD, Ministry of Rural Development, Govt. of India, in March, 2017
4 patents by the students in the field of Mechanical & Electronic Engineering
Multiple projects to tackle issues COVID -19 issues by students
Entrepreneurship Cell with 13 student ventures incubated
9 Professional Student Associations with their events planned through the year
Students part of University Cricket, Football, Basketball, Badminton, Judo, Weightlifting teams
11 student clubs are available to support participation in co-curricular and extracurricular activities, helping students build confidence and enhance their employability skills.
 Technology Integration in the institution


College Automation Softwares (BEES and CampX) for online access to Student Performance
Digitally enabled library with Online Public Access, featuring resources such as J-Gate Plus, EBSCO eBooks, remote access through Knimbus, and an extensive online repository including NPTEL videos and study materials.
Wi-Fi enabled campus with high-speed internet connectivity of up to 2.2 Gbps, ensuring seamless access to online resources and digital learning.
Corporate Office:
Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology
3rd Floor, Above KFC Building,
Pillar No. 4, Mehdipatnam Hyderabad – 500 028.
Tel: 040-66253641 / 42. Fax: +91-40-65132049
Email: vc@lords.ac.in

College Campus:
Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology,
Sy. No. 32, HimayathSagar, Golconda Post,
Near TSPA Junction, Hyderabad – 500091.
Tel: +91-6309012442 / 43
Email: principal@lords.ac.in
CHOICES FOR A PROMISING CAREER

We offer various Bachelors and Masters Programs that are in great demand in the Industry. The courses are designed to help students inculcate leadership qualities, analytical skills, ethical values and technical knowledge thereby enabling them to lead a sustainable and globally competent career path.
The Institute offers 9 Under graduate courses and 4 Post graduate courses as follows.


S.No.	Bachelor of Engineering (Under Graduate)	Number of Seats
1	Computer Science and Engineering	480
2	Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning)	180
3	Computer Science Engineering (Data Science)	120
4	Information Technology	180
5	Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning	120
6	Electronics & Communication Engineering	60
7	Civil Engineering	30
8	Mechanical Engineering	30
 Total Intake  	 1200 
S.No.	Management Studies (Under Graduate)	Number of Seats
1	Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)	 120 
**Subject to the approval of the Concern University

S.No.	Master of Engineering (Post Graduate)	Number of Seats
1	Computer Science and Engineering	36
2	Structural Engineering	18
3	Construction Management	18
 Total Intake  	 72 
S.No.	Management Studies (Post Graduate)	Number of Seats
1	Master of Business Administration (MBA)
with specializations Finance/ HR/ Marketing/ Systems/ Entrepreneurship/ Business Analytics/ Supply Chain Management/ and Health Care Management.	 240 
Contact Person
Admissions Contact-1 (Corporate Office)
Mr. Gafoor Khan
Admissions Manager
Contact No: 040-66253641, +91-9849519365
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in

Admissions Contact-2 (College Campus)
Mr. Mohammed Irshad Ali
Associate Professor & HOD-Math
Contact No: +91-8977339227
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in

Admissions Contact-3 (College Campus)
Dr.T.K.Shaik Shavali
Admissions In-Charge, Professor & Dean (CSE)
Contact No: +91-9849133973
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in
ADMISSIONS OF TELANGANA STUDENTS
Admissions process:
LORDS is Autonomous Engineering Institution, Approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE)-New Delhi, affiliated to Osmania University (OU)-Hyderabad, accredited by NBA and Accredited with A Grade by NAAC. We are the leading Muslim Minority Engineering Institution in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh with these Accreditations

To seek admission into first year of four-year B.E. course in any branch, he/she must satisfy the following requirements

Category A Seats (Convener Quota):

A student must have passed the Intermediate Examination of the Board of Intermediate Education, Government of Telangana with Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry as optional subjects, or any other examination recognized by the Government of Telangana as its equivalent.

All the eligible candidates for admission into First Year shall have to qualify in the TGAPCET Examination conducted by the Govt. of Telangana. The candidates will be admitted by TGAPCET Convener strictly in accordance with the rank secured in the Entrance Examination and other rules in accordance to the reservation of seats in various categories. For Muslim Minority students, the Govt. of Telangana reimburses the entire tuition fee based upon the Income Certificate of the Parent.

For students seeking admission through lateral entry directly into the Second Year of Engineering, TGECET score will be considered by the TGECET convener.

The following is code for various CETs.

TGAPCET | TGECET Code: LRDS

Category B Seats (Management Quota):

To seek admission under Management Quota, he/she must satisfy the following requirements

Passed 10+2 examination with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry / Biotechnology / Biology / Technical Vocational subject.
Obtained at least 45% marks (40% in case of candidate belonging to reserved category) in the above subjects taken together.
In addition to this, LORDS is one of the few Engineering Institutions in the state with permission to admit NRI students.

If the above criteria are satisfied, the candidate can approach the college for further instructions on the procedure for admission.

ADMISSIONS OF OTHER STUDENTS
Every year, students from various states such as Kerala, Assam, Maharashtra, Jammu & Kashmir, Bihar, Jharkhand, Nagaland etc, show keen interest in taking admission in Lords Institute of Engineering and Technology. As per the AICTE regulations, for any student to be eligible for admission, the following conditions need to be met.

Passed 10+2 examination with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the Chemistry / Biotechnology / Biology / Technical Vocational subject
Obtained at least 45% marks (40% in case of candidate belonging to reserved category) in the above subjects taken together.
If the above criteria are satisfied, the candidate has to get an equivalency certificate, costing about Rs 1000/-, from the Higher Education Board of State of Telangana. All the other formalities can be completed from any of our branch offices.
M.E.
Students opting to study in any of the 3 M.E. courses that are currently offered by the college can opt for admission through Category A or through Category B seats.

For admission through the Category A(Convener) quota, a candidate has to appear for TGPGECET exam. This exam is conducted by the Govt. of Telangana and upon qualifying, based on the rank and preference, the candidate will be allotted a seat in the Institution by the Convener TGPGECET. The counselling code for the Institution is LRDS.

For admission under Category B (Management) quota, a candidate has to approach the Institution with the requisite B.Tech/B.E degree (as mentioned in the table below) from a recognized Institution and take admission as per the prevailing norms of the University, State Govt. and AICTE.

S.NO	COURSE	ELIGIBILITY
1	Construction Management	B.E./B.Tech./AMIE in Civil Engg./Construction Engg (or) equivalent / Civil and Environmental Engg.
2	Structural Engineering
3	Computer Science Engineering	B.E./B.Tech. /AIML in CSE/ CSIT/ CSM/ CSD/IT & Computer Science and Systems Engineering. Equivalent (or) MCA
MBA
Students who wish to pursue MBA program at Lords can opt to be admitted through Convener quota or Management quota. The candidate will have to write TGICET and qualify in the exam. Based on the rank and preferences, he/she will be allotted a seat by the Convener TGICET. The counselling option code for TGICET is LRDS.

For admission through Management quota, the student can approach the institution with the requisite Undergraduate degree from a recognized institution and take the admission as per the prevailing norms of the University, State Govt. and AICTE.

ELIGIBILITY NORMS:
Should have passed recognized Bachelors Degree Examination of minimum three years duration.
50% marks in the qualifying examination.
The Qualifying Degree obtained by Distance Mode Program should have recognition by Joint Committee of UGC, AICTE and DEC.
Those who aspire to be a part of Lords Institute of Engineering and Technology(A) can now avail themselves of full educational loans through select banks with which the college has created links. The process is simple and hassle free, so every student has access to financial aid.

S.No	Name of Bank	Link for Education Loan
1	State Bank of India	
https://www.sbi.co.in/web/interest-rates/interest-rates/loan-schemes-interest-rates/education-loan-scheme
2	Axis bank	
http://www.axisbank.com/personal/loans/studypower/Education-Loan.asp
3	Bank of Baroda	https://www.bankofbaroda.in/personal-banking/loans/education-loan
4	Bank of india	https://bankofindia.co.in/education-loan
5	Bank of Maharashtra	https://bankofmaharashtra.in/educational-loans
6	Central bank of India	https://www.centralbankofindia.co.in/en/loan-index
7	HDFC bank	https://www.hdfcbank.com/personal/borrow/popular-loans/educational-loan/educational-loan-for-indian-education
8	IDBI bank	https://www.idbibank.in/education-loan.aspx
9	Indian bank	https://www.indianbank.in/departments/educational-loan-iba/#!
10	ICICI bank	https://www.icicibank.com/Personal-Banking/loans/education-loan/education-loan.page?ITM=nli_cms_EL_education_loan_menu_navigation
11	UCO bank	https://www.ucobank.com/english/education-loans.aspx
12	Union bank of india	https://www.unionbankofindia.co.in/english/education-loan.aspx
13	Punjab National Bank	https://www.pnbindia.in/education.aspx
14	Dhanalakshmi Bank	https://www.dhanbank.com/education-loans/
15	Federal Bank	https://www.federalbank.co.in/education-and-career-loans
16	Indian Overseas Bank	https://www.iob.in/Educational-Loan-IOB-Vidya-Shrest
17	Jammu and Kashmir Bank	https://www.jkbank.com/loans/personal/customerEducationalLoans.php
18	Karnataka Bank	https://karnatakabank.com/personal/loans/education-loans
19	Karur Vysya Bank	https://www.kvb.co.in/personal/loans/educational-loan/
20	Punjab and Sind Bank	https://punjabandsindbank.co.in/content/education
21	The Ratnakar Bank Ltd.	https://www.rblbank.com/product/loans/education-loan
22	Canara bank	https://canarabank.com/User_page.aspx?othlink=391
23	Catholic Syrian Bank Ltd	https://www.csb.co.in/educational-loan
24	City Union Bank	https://www.cityunionbank.com/personal-banking/loans/cub-vidyavani
25	Protean eGov Technologies Limited	https://www.vidyalakshmi.co.in/Students/index
26	South Indian Bank	https://www.southindianbank.com/content/personal-banking/education-loan/85
27	Tamilnadu Mercantile Bank	https://www.tmb.in/
 

SCHOLARSHIP
Lords Institute Of Engineering and Technology offers several scholarships, fee waiver schemes, teaching and research assistance to meritorious and deserving students. Large number of students tremendously benefit from such schemes. To encourage and support students of exemplary talent, several scholarship are instituted to recognize excellence in academic, sports and deserving candidates. The quantum of scholarship and the number of scholarships are subject to change from time to time.
Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology is an Autonomous Engineering Institution that is Affiliated to Osmania University. It follows the Academic Regulations as approved by its Academic Council that includes 3 Deans from Osmania University, 4 Senior Professors from other Private Universities and Autonomous Engineering Institutions and our own Senior Staff. The Academic Regulations as approved by our Academic Council is ratified by Governing Body that include members from Osmania University, Department of Technical Education Govt. of Telangana, University Grants Commission (UGC) and the Members of Society. For the students admitted in the Academic Years 2019-20 and 2020-21. Osmania University regulations are followed. For those admitted before 2019-20, JNTUH Academic Regulations are followed

B.E. Autonomous Regulations LR23
B.E. Autonomous Regulations LR21
Osmania University B.E Regulations
Osmania University M.E/M.Tech Regulations
Osmania University MBA Regulations
JNTUH B.Tech R18 Regulations
JNTUH M.Tech R17 Regulations
JNTUH M.B.A R17 Regulations
For any further guidance on the regulations, you may contact the Principal or Examinations Section

Queries
Mr.ABDUL FAIZEE
Examinations Incharge
E-Mail: exams@lords.ac.in
Contact No: 9949591242
Contact Us
College Contact
Lords Institute of Engineering & Technology(A), Survey No. 32, Near Police Academy, Appa Junction, Himayath sagar, Hyderabad, Telangana 500091.
Contact No: +91-6309012442 / 43 / 45 / 46

Admissions Contact-1 (Corporate Office)
Mr. GAFOOR KHAN
Admissions Manager
Contact No: 040-66253641, +91-9849519365
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in

Admissions Contact-2 (Campus)
Mr. Mohammed Irshad Ali
Associate Professor & HOD-Math
Contact No: +91-8977339227
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in

Admissions Contact-3 (Campus)
Dr.T.K.SHAIK SHAVALI
Admissions In-Charge, Professor & Dean (CSE)
Contact No: +91-9849133973
E-Mail: admissions@lords.ac.in

 Admission Contact 
Kerala, Odisha, Bihar( Bihar Student Credit Card) ( BSCC),Jharkhand ( Guruji Student Credit Card)( GSCC)

Mr.MOHAMMED BASHEER AMJADI
Admissions In-Charge
Contact No: +91-7676282591

Principal
Dr.RAVI KISHORE SINGH
B.E., M.Tech.,Ph.D.
Contact No: +91-9949673059
E-Mail: principal@lords.ac.in

Vice Principal
Dr. SYED AZAM PASHA QUADRI
Professor,HOD (Mechanical Engg), Controller of Examination
Contact No: +91-7780191067
E-Mail: viceprincipal@lords.ac.in

Human Resource Executive
Mrs. Mahammad Nagmaarshin
Contact No: +91-9177135050
E-Mail: hr@lords.ac.in

Placement Contact
MS. STUTI BHARDWAJ
Director Placement Officer
Contact No: + 91-8328388338
E-Mail: dir.placements@lords.ac.in

Library Contact
Mr. M.SRINIVAS
M.Li.Sc
Contact No: +91- 9000528895
E-Mail: library@lords.ac.in

International Student Affairs & Students Relations
Dr.T.K.SHAIK SHAVALI
Professor & Dean (CSE)
Contact No: +91- 9849133973
E-Mail: internationalstudents@lords.ac.in

Student Verification Details
Mr.ABDUL FAIZEE
Examination Branch
Contact No: +91-6309012445, 9949591242
E-Mail: exams@lords.ac.in

Transport Contact
Mr. SHAIK ABDDUL KAREEM
B.A. (Arts)
Contact No: +91- 9347238592
E-Mail: transport@lords.ac.in
